I get on my way Jack what stopped me
that wasn't it
yes sir
hey yeah yeah I'm good
in the testicles not room
hey come on wasting Jeff's time I didn't
do it
that's gonna be good okay let's go yeah
go run another video
two in a row Chris I'm sorry no he's not
yeah
I have my ball looks like it sounded are
you gonna get out of my way Punk
all right before we run at it I got to
see can't see that last one all right
that's disappointing hey Danny now
without that - it's almost 3:00 it's cuz
I'm painting all right
Wow
it's got three that roll nose wreck
right there
I'm sorry great all right let's go get
one last point get our yeah okay all
right very we can take all right
she's back there just baked anything
III don't know you're moving yeah that's
it's decent
and there's a little nip one oh yeah J
it said 3:30 when I pressed the FIR just
like when I started it does that mean
how much time is left
yeah I work 345 right now so keep quiet
it goes a little bit listen Utley what's
the score six one yeah I guess no
fucking book Oh do it now
it's you know I think I felt the breeze
from that goes right on my ear oh yeah I
think we're out of time
go it up Oh all right look you're back
try wow you got some well see you do
this I'm sorry I count three